hey guys welcome back this is Maxine
processor II geeks com and I have here
the zagg mate with keyboard this little
device here is actually really nifty
because not only is it a case for your
ipad but it's also a keyboard as well
now if you'll notice we already have
this unboxed and i'm just going to tell
you why frankly the packaging on this it
was like trying to get the Cuban miners
out and it took a while so we're going
to go ahead and just start with it
already unboxed as you can see here this
is the charging cable because this
device is actually woods with with means
it acts independently without iPad so
you never actually have to have the ipad
physically attached so let's get started
we're going to go ahead and set this up
now to get your ipad to stand in the
case we need to unfold this tab and have
it stand upright and then you can just
such a pat down like that now we're
going to go ahead and turn on the device
and we're going to go ahead and turn on
our iPad then we're going to prepare the
keyboard like you would any Bluetooth
device so we're going to go into
settings and we're going to go to
bluetooth and it hasn't found the device
so we're going to go ahead and pulled
down the Bluetooth button here and there
it is we're going to go and click the
sag mate and it's going to find it now
it tells us to enter the passkey so
we're going to enter our passkey on the
screen 10 23 22 enter and it's
connecting now that it's connected we're
just going to make sure everything is
good and we don't want to forget the
vice because we are using it and you
should be good to go we're going to go
ahead and open up safari and test this
bad boy out here we go so we're just
going to go ahead and visit
accessorygeeks.com
not bad right takes a little while to
load but you know that's the browser not
the keyboards fault and the keyboards
actually pretty responsive i'm going to
go ahead and open up notepad and i'm
going to start a new note and i'm just
going to show you new geeks now you can
still use the quick keys for apple so
i'm going to do apple a and that selects
all and I copy it so Apple C and go
ahead and get rid of that Apple V and
there we go it pasted it just like it
would any other device the only thing
that you'll notice is that Apple Q to
quit out of applications doesn't work
and that's because it's a blight and I'm
not James so I'm just gonna go ahead and
ignore that uh-huh but I love this i
absolutely love well I can spell too i
swear i love this keyboard oh look it
auto corrects it for me we can even take
the ipad out and if you'll notice i'm
going to go ahead and type right next to
it so i'm deleting and if you'll notice
the device isn't attached so how cool is
that so again this was the zagg me
keyboard and case i hope to show you a
little bit the cage function try to go
ahead and turn off the device so we
don't waste battery power we're going to
turn this on to stand by and fit your
case in just like not this way the other
way there we go infadoos you have the
port that's open for charging the ipad
as well as the bluetooth keyboard now
the case itself is amazing it's got the
same chrome finish as the ipad does so
it's a seamless mesh and it's sticks in
there pretty good your I'm only holding
the the sides of the case and it's
holding up pretty well so I love it and
it's not too difficult to get on but
there is a section so I like to
open it from here and it'll pull ought
to do it so that's the zag um that's the
zagg mate case and keyboard for the iPad
you can pick this up at a sensory geeks
com you can even get it for ten percent
off using our youtube subscriber promo
code so don't forget to subscribe and
remember you got it from a geek